[SPEAKER_00]: Look, to be completely honest, I'm too busy being a porter to write anything witty this week.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I will toot my own horn for putting Mind's Eye Management on blast last episode and I didn't even get paid for it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I'm at least 93% sure I'm not a bot nor operated by one.
[SPEAKER_00]: People get paid to generate news-relevant noise?
[SPEAKER_00]: How did I miss that memo?
[SPEAKER_00]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about two weeks in gaming news.
[SPEAKER_00]: Beep boop beep boop beep, where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you, Jason Bond.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh yeah, it's me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Happy 23rd birthday.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, 23rd.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's Resident Evil, the 23rd birthday.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, we turned 23 while we were gone.
[SPEAKER_02]: This show started June 23rd of 2002.
[SPEAKER_02]: And here we are 23 years later.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just like the 23rd Magus and all the consequences he brought this show when he was with us.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's a deep cut.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sorry to any of our listeners.
[SPEAKER_02]: We used to have this guy.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, you're still friends with him.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, we're all friends with him.
[SPEAKER_06]: You see him more.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm on a work thing in San Diego right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: 23rd Magus 23rd Magus
[SPEAKER_02]: Booked and blessed, as they say.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also booked and blessed.
[SPEAKER_02]: Say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hi, Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: How are you?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm all right.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're back.
[SPEAKER_02]: We were gone last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was at a little show called Southern Fried Gaming Expo out in Atlanta.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll tell you more about it during my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you, Mr. Loki, went on a family trip because I saw the pictures.
[SPEAKER_01]: You went down to San Diego San Diego How was that?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it was a little too early for TwitchCon, unfortunately Yeah, well, you can always go back Not this year I'm not going back this year They were doing a fire sale earlier, I noticed They were like 10% off tickets I'm still kind of on the fence I kind of want to go If you buy it, please, please, please use my referral link
[SPEAKER_01]: I just can't swing that kind of money to do that again this year after taking a trip to San Diego just last week.
[SPEAKER_01]: So yeah, I'm okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'll just feel the FOMO out here, I guess.
[SPEAKER_02]: Is TwitchCon the week of the 10th, 11th, and 12th?
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: I have to make sure that Hubby got our pre-reg in for California Extreme.
[SPEAKER_06]: If not, we're just going to pay when we get there.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now that I might actually go to this year.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm actually free that weekend.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have a friend here locally who develops for games and has never been.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I was like, you would have so much fun at this show, my friend.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I, in fact, I need to text him.
[SPEAKER_02]: I haven't talked to him in like a week, but I need to text him and be like, hey, you need to keep this weekend clear for me because we're going to go to California Extreme and you're going to have fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mandatory fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: I think there are definite differences between the two now, even though maybe at its core it's hobbyists and enthusiasts bringing their stuff all to one place so the rest of the fans in the area can have a good time.
[SPEAKER_02]: At the end of the day, that's what both shows are.
[SPEAKER_02]: Are you going to take any tables to California Extreme, Jamie?
[SPEAKER_02]: That's kind of a track.
[SPEAKER_06]: We never do.
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought I would ask.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, that's a drive.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then we just do, if we're going to bring anything to anywhere, we do a Golden State Pinball Festival.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because it's like in Lodi.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, Lodi's real close.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, you know, this was the year that we had the Portal prototype.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I remember that.
[SPEAKER_06]: You didn't come play.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Do you have a Dungeons & Dragons machine?
[SPEAKER_06]: No.
Damn.
[SPEAKER_06]: Right now, we don't have anything big on our radar.
[SPEAKER_02]: That machine was so good.
[SPEAKER_02]: I got to play that at Southern Fright.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was so good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, geez.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wait, why would you ever open the garage door?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I guess you have to to probably ventilate it in there.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, we have a wall.
[SPEAKER_02]: So the reason why I'm asking is... We have to be able to move the tables.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, that makes sense.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dan and Jamie keep all... Well, not even all.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't even say all the pinball tables.
[SPEAKER_02]: Half the pinball tables are in the garage and the other half are in the dining room.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, three are in Dan's office.
[SPEAKER_06]: Three are in the dining room.
[SPEAKER_06]: The rest are all in the garage.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're all spread out.
[SPEAKER_06]: The three in the dining room are always my choice.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's Theater of Magic, Black Knight 2000, and World Cup.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Good times.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's get into some headlines for tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're going to get in and talk about what's going on in video games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Since we weren't here last week, I thought we could start by touching on some headlines from last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Do you want to do this, Loki, or do you want me to?
[SPEAKER_02]: I got all the headlines up if you want me to jump in here.
[SPEAKER_01]: Either way, I don't care.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Go for it, and I'll touch on anything you missed.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, so they had the Donkey Kong Bonanza Direct that kind of talked a little bit more about the game.
[SPEAKER_01]: We got to see Young Pauline, I guess, in there as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: Looked pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it definitely helped sell the game for me a little more than I think what we saw previously.
[SPEAKER_02]: And my coworkers were kind – hello, because I know some of you listen.
[SPEAKER_02]: My coworkers were kind enough to get me a gift card for Nintendo for my birthday because my birthday was also last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they were kind enough to get me a big –
[SPEAKER_02]: They pulled together and got me a big Nintendo gift card.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I was like, I wasn't originally going to get this game.
[SPEAKER_02]: But now I'm like, well, I got the money.
[SPEAKER_02]: I might get this game after all.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's kind of where I'm at now.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, so they announced a few things.
[SPEAKER_01]: Some of the different game modes in there.
[SPEAKER_01]: So they have one that's like a race to the core.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you have to just dig down as quickly as you can.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's another one that basically is like a creative game mode.
[SPEAKER_01]: Allows you to...
[SPEAKER_01]: Do like a photo mode or stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know they have like a carving tool.
[SPEAKER_01]: You get to like carve stuff, which is interesting.
[SPEAKER_01]: So they've got that.
[SPEAKER_01]: They announced, of course, that Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_02]: Are we Minecrafting in our Donkey Kong now?
[SPEAKER_02]: Kong craft?
[SPEAKER_01]: Not quite.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mine Kong?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: different collectibles co-op you can play as Pauline if you have you know play two player which is the correct choice honestly because Pauline in Mario Kart World is serving serving blue shells to the person in first place consistently but Pauline is serving in Mario Kart World we love Pauline
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, so yeah, lots of interesting things that they showed off there.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it is like right around the corner.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's such a few weeks away, so it looked all right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Then, of course, we had the news that the process of decompiling the GameCube version of Animal Crossing is almost complete.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's going to open it up for a PC port.
[SPEAKER_01]: Maybe mods.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, God.
[SPEAKER_02]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_02]: When the modders and PC port get Animal Crossing, Nintendo is going to try to shut that down at every opportunity.
[SPEAKER_02]: But once it's on the Internet, it will always be on the Internet.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, we have probably more news regarding another game that's also gone through that treatment.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so far with those versions, they have not shut it down yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, yeah, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think Pali is anything like Animal Crossing, really.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess, yeah, I guess, I guess.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fantasy Life has a little more in common with Animal Crossing, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: But anyway, there's a whole, there's all sorts of like clones of Animal Crossing on Steam and that sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there's always that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, so it'll be interesting to see what happens with that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Usually with some of these decompiling efforts and stuff like that, because they're porting it to PC, it still requires you to have a ROM of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: So if they don't include the Nintendo ROM and game data with the patch or whatever they create for the ROM to port it to PC or something like that, then they might be in the clear there.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was wondering how they'd be around that.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're not really facilitating piracy at that point.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like you kind of have to do your own piracy in order to play it.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, it'll be interesting to see what comes of that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think that'll be really crazy.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have a very important chat comment from our chat room over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network because we do tape live every Sunday night, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show at The Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Rinmari68k is in chat saying, squeak?
[SPEAKER_02]: is the interior decoration part of Animal Crossing, but you solve P-Cross puzzles to get furniture and outfits.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I just found Bobby Blackwolf's Game of the Year.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know about y'all, but I think those are like Bobby Blackwolf's two favorite games are Animal Crossing and P-Cross.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was going to say, and Bobby, you saying TTP and Animal Crossing mods, they didn't need mods to do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's already been a thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it's already happened.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's already happened.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's lots of phallic mushrooms in that game already.
[SPEAKER_02]: Remember, you could do, you could put whatever you want on those signboards, remember?
[SPEAKER_02]: Or you could... Because I remember DarkSakura had a big pride flag outside one of her villagers' houses because, you know, ally.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: yeah so yeah you can you can do all sorts of things ally well you know it no because it was your your uh one that had all the fitness uh equipment in her basement you were like she's a lesbian she's a lesbian and so you were showing your allyship anyway it was it was it was for Dina anyway sorry Loki yeah there's always time for Animal Crossing jokes
[SPEAKER_01]: Some other stuff that's kind of interesting, Beat Sabers ended support for PlayStation VR and PlayStation VR 2.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess it's fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's basically that they're just not making any more content for it, is what it is.
[SPEAKER_01]: And considering how old those games are, yeah, that makes sense.
[SPEAKER_01]: As long as content's not being removed, which I don't think is the case yet, but we'll see.
[SPEAKER_01]: Um, what else?
[SPEAKER_01]: Final Fantasy Tactics Remastered are not going to include the PSP War of the Lions content.
[SPEAKER_01]: That sucks.
[SPEAKER_01]: Why?
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, I know that they had issues with that game in the first place.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they can sell it to you as DLC later on.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's why.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, of course that's why.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're not saying that, but... Just food for thought on that.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's all.
[SPEAKER_01]: Breathing motherfuckers.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: Um...
[SPEAKER_02]: by the way with Beat Saber I was distracted by chat but Bobby reminds me because he was getting into it on his show a little bit because he follows VR Meta owns Beat Saber now so why would they want to continue it on PlayStation they want you to get it on Meta they're continuing it on Steam I think to avoid pushback from the modder community which is huge for that game but there's no reason for them to be in business with PlayStation anymore so rip rest in PlayStation
[SPEAKER_01]: It's alright.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, to be fair, PlayStation forgets they have PlayStation VR half the time anyway.
[SPEAKER_01]: That is true.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's not really like they're competing with you, Meta.
[SPEAKER_02]: If I'm not mistaken, you could still play your PlayStation VR 2 on Steam.
[SPEAKER_02]: You could play your Beat Saber there.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right?
[SPEAKER_02]: So, you just have to connect the leg bones connected to the... Alright, anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: What else do you have?
[SPEAKER_01]: Digital Eclipse bringing Golden T to home arcades, I guess.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: Or is it home arcades or is it just like a collection?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't even know.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a collection because Arcade 1-Up has had this in their series for years.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was going to say Arcade 1-Up had that.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, this is almost the exact same thing as the Mortal Kombat thing they're doing.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Digital Eclipse also does those Gold Master series, and this is not in that.
[SPEAKER_02]: But because Digital Eclipse is so well known for their preservation of game series, like the cult game series, like Mortal Kombat and like Golden Tee,
[SPEAKER_02]: are getting preserved, I guess, or whatever, in this digital clips collection.
[SPEAKER_02]: Except, here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Who's playing Golden Tee games?
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, somebody out there must be, but I'm not.
[SPEAKER_01]: The extremely old people?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Are y'all in chat?
[SPEAKER_02]: Are y'all Golden Tee fans out there?
[SPEAKER_02]: Who's buying the Golden Tee?
[SPEAKER_06]: I like the golf.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, Bobby does point out, this is very popular in bar arcades.
[SPEAKER_02]: You won't see a Street Fighter anymore, you're going to see a Golden Tee machine in the corner.
[SPEAKER_02]: I do feel like at your Walmart, you always have a big Buck Hunter or whatever in a Golden Tee, so I guess it makes sense.
[SPEAKER_02]: that does make sense and it makes sense for like the home arcade stuff I just don't see this as why I need this on PC I don't know maybe people like it who knows I assume it might digital clips has been killing it in the preservation department so I guess maybe I'm just like maybe I'm just being a little selfish and I'm like there are other arcade series I would like those resources to be on first but fine fine golden tea fans have your moment enjoy it and then get to the next one
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was, yeah, I was like, you know, the one game I had won, I don't think it's Golden Tee, I don't even remember what it was, I just remember they had it at our local Scandia, which was a golf game.
[SPEAKER_01]: I just remember one of the levels, you knocked it off of the roof of a skyscraper, tall building of some sort.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh yeah, it was like a zany golf type of thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, that was fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: is selling pretty well.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is all from a report from the game business.
[SPEAKER_02]: Apparently, most third-party Switch 2 games posted very low numbers, and one third-party publisher said it was below our lowest estimates, despite strong hardware sales.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm gonna guess that's Square Enix, because Square Enix never hits their sales targets that they have.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it must be Bradley Default's fault.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: But...
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm shocked.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not shocked, but I'm going to pretend to be shocked that the third-party publishers are acting foolish like this when you are re-releasing all the stuff that was already out there.
[SPEAKER_02]: What did you think was going to happen by re-releasing Street Fighter VI?
[SPEAKER_02]: That game's been out a year.
[SPEAKER_02]: What did you think was going to happen with these Yakuza games that have already been out for a while?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, hello?
[SPEAKER_02]: Did you all forget the Wii U?
[SPEAKER_02]: In the words of Kathy Bates in Misery, do you all have amnesia?
[SPEAKER_02]: He didn't get out of the cocky duty car.
[SPEAKER_02]: The same thing happened with the Wii U sales.
[SPEAKER_02]: Do you all have amnesia that people are not interested in rebuying the game a year later when they already had it for PlayStation and other stuff?
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think the difference and what's different, what's working with Cyberpunk 2077 is that that game got so blasted when it first came out that most people avoided it.
[SPEAKER_02]: and now sort of in a No Man's Sky Diablo 4 kind of way, people are willing to give that particular game another look because we're talking about an expansion, we're talking about, you know, the game is now in its state that it probably should have been in when it released originally and now it's on the Switch.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I think that's why that game in particular is bucking that trend because most people forgot it already came out before because it wasn't in great shape when it did come out.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to chat.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bobby Blackwolf says the game I'm playing the most on my Switch 2 is a third-party title.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, dare to be different.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hashtag dare to be different.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I would imagine, I mean, do we have the full sales numbers?
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't even know if we get a real list.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I was going to say, I would bet that... Sorry, there was an autoplay YouTube.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hate that shit.
[SPEAKER_02]: They came through.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would bet that a Fantasy Life or something that is new alongside PlayStation 5 and stuff is going to be selling better than...
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know what the audience is, to be honest, for some of these games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Some people are saying this is a pushback on GameKey cards.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: I still find a lot of that to be really overblown.
[SPEAKER_02]: I got into a discussion of this on Blue Sky, and I do see the point.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will say I do see the point and why people are pushing back on GameKey cards from a game preservation point is that at some point those cartridges will be worthless.
[SPEAKER_02]: When the Switch systems do come down inevitably in the future, those cards are essentially going to be worthless.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I do get it from that perspective, but I still also argue there are so many games on other platforms that are also doing this to you.
[SPEAKER_02]: The day one patches are so fucking big and the game that's on the disc is not even the game it is now that there's so much out there that's already like this.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I think some of this is a little unfair
[SPEAKER_02]: But I get why people are frustrated, but I don't know if the public, your Golden T fans, shall we say, are aware enough of what's going on to really care about that whole situation.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I mean, I guess I could be wrong, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, and Rinmari in chat says, to be fair, non-keycard Switch games can be corrupt if you don't run them for like a decade or more.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hmm, true.
[SPEAKER_02]: True, true, true.
[SPEAKER_02]: Some folks in chat also commenting that the Switch 2 port of Cyberpunk is pretty good, and that might be another reason why it's doing pretty well.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, all right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well...
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: I have been playing Mass Effect.
[SPEAKER_06]: I beat Mass Effect 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: I actually had to beat it twice because I screwed up the first time and accidentally got Morden killed.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh no!
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, we can't have that.
[SPEAKER_06]: We need him in Mass Effect 3.
[SPEAKER_03]: For the time that you get him.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I went back and did it again.
[SPEAKER_06]: And everybody lived.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was great.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I started Mass Effect 3.
[SPEAKER_06]: And the first thing I did, well, I mean, honestly, it's the second thing I did, I guess, was go get Garrus.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was lurking a little on your stream last night.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's the part I saw was you going after Garrus.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I was like, of course she is.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just like the difference in interaction if you romanced him in the last game because instead of just going to shake your hand at that first meet back up again you go to shake hands and then he puts his other hand on top of her arm and I'm like, oh!
[SPEAKER_06]: That's cute.
[SPEAKER_06]: Even though Anderson punched you, Dina, in the first game, but still.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm playing Palia.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was gonna say, you know, another game that gets a lot of those types of comparisons about wow, did it predict and you I know you were following this game for a while was Death Stranding, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: And a big game that came out this last week of Death Stranding 2, which I haven't gotten around to yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'm very curious how that game hits now, especially since it was developed in a post COVID type of world, whereas the first game kind of predicted COVID not really, but you know, it's still if it
[SPEAKER_02]: I also played Palia
[SPEAKER_06]: I have another property now that I decided to move all my farming and crafting and everything onto.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I've been experimenting with builds.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I built a tiny house.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm still in the process of it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I managed to make stairs from scratch, like spiral stairs.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've been really getting into the kind of glitching modding, but like...
[SPEAKER_06]: I have a complaint, and it's all these people who just make their properties so busy that it's overwhelming.
[SPEAKER_06]: And while, yeah, I'm doing the glitching and I'm making interesting things, I do kind of like it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I wouldn't say like utter maximalist or utter minimalist.
[SPEAKER_06]: but I like things to be balanced and that's been the feedback I've gotten from people is that they think that my properties are pretty balanced even the busy ones so there's that but yeah those are pretty much what I've been playing are those okay well then we'll move on to Loki how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_01]: I didn't play a whole lot because vacation and all.
[SPEAKER_01]: I did bring my little retro console with me.
[SPEAKER_01]: But my son basically took it the entire time to play Roblox on it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I did play a different game this week.
[SPEAKER_01]: I did play Peak, which is a co-op mountain climbing game.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's kind of fun.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I was able to do that with some friends.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then, you know, Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_01]: Doing the Minecraft stuff as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: Basically what I've been able to do in the few days that I've had to actually play stuff since we came back.
[SPEAKER_01]: Alright, that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, then I'll talk about my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_02]: So mine's been a little busier.
[SPEAKER_02]: I went to Southern Fright Gaming Expo.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's why I missed the show last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they were good enough to have me back as a guest getting to do speaking on panels, which was fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bobby and I got to do a fun little panel on games that ought to be better acknowledged as retro classics.
[SPEAKER_02]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll record something for our YouTube channel, especially because Twitch doesn't really let us store things anymore.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll probably have to grow out YouTube.
[SPEAKER_02]: But we're going to record our panel for that for you to all watch at a later time if you weren't there.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I was actually really – I'm going to be dead honest.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was expecting four people in the room because I know not a lot of people are going to know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, oh my god, it's VOG Network and stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But people actually showed up.
[SPEAKER_02]: We had a decent turnout in the room.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was probably about two-thirds full.
[SPEAKER_02]: And some people were really getting into it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we got to hear about some classics in turn, because of course in the last 10 minutes I was like, alright, your turn to pitch classics to us.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so Bobby and I kind of fielded some classics from them, which was great.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so we had a good time.
[SPEAKER_02]: I wish we could do that sort of thing at more conventions.
[SPEAKER_02]: So if you happen to run a convention out there, let me know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Especially if it's on the West Coast, because it's Bobby's turn to come out to the West Coast for a convention.
[SPEAKER_02]: Although I guess he did do TwitchCon in Vegas, but still.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there's that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sure, hey, if it was on the West Coast, I'm sure Jamie and Matt would love to talk about obscure classics.
[SPEAKER_02]: Jamie would need a three-hour panel to talk about obscure classics.
[SPEAKER_02]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: It felt a lot like that kind of like decompression sort of thing that's kind of in between.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I love it as a show.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's great.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I was asked to do a celebrity panel.
[SPEAKER_02]: The celebrities in this case were motion capture actors from the original Mortal Kombat trilogy.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I actually had John Parrish who played Jax in Mortal Kombat 2 and 3.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then I had Leah Montelongo who played Sindel in Mortal Kombat 3.
[SPEAKER_02]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: they're all fitness people from Chicago that's who got recruited into all those games in the beginning it's a circle of fitness instructors in the Chicago area and they all are still very active in the fitness world and actively promoting fitness products I think uh Leah is doing like a pageant she's looking for support in like a Miss Petite I think this is the name of it it's on her Instagram uh Leah Montelongo if you want to um see all that and I'm sure she'd appreciate the love and the votes for that but um
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it was great to just talk to them about their experiences with making the Mortal Kombat games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also very interesting to sort of understand that like when they made those games, there were no performance actor or voice actor unions.
[SPEAKER_02]: There were no agreements to payment or what somebody would get out of this sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: And let me put it this way.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have a feeling that doing these conventions, I have a feeling, I haven't been confirmed one way or the other, but I have a feeling...
[SPEAKER_02]: Doing these conventions and selfies and autographs is the only way that these folks see money from these games that are getting republished over and over again.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just because games were made differently in the 1990s.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they were made very differently.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, if you see the motion capture folks come through your local convention, toss a coin to your Witcher.
[SPEAKER_02]: Toss a coin to your Sindel.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because they made these characters what they are, really.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they talked a lot about, you know, like Leah talked about the Scream.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that the scream came from that she was given direction.
[SPEAKER_02]: What will you do if somebody was about to attack you?
[SPEAKER_02]: A big demon beast is coming at you and about to attack you.
[SPEAKER_02]: And she said, I'd probably scream.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's where the Sindel scream came from.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they really had a lot to do with the creation of their character.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Jon had a lot to say about the creation of Jax.
[SPEAKER_02]: About why Jax was put in the game in the first place.
[SPEAKER_02]: And how he got the robotic arms in 3.
[SPEAKER_02]: And where that really came from.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I asked...
[SPEAKER_02]: I said, is the underground legend true about, like, it's Jax had his own fatality performed on him?
[SPEAKER_02]: And the reaction John gave me was the biggest what-the-fuck look I've ever gotten in my life on one of these panels.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, no, it's not what that is.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I will let you all hopefully check out the panel on his YouTube or Instagram to get the complete answer to that when it comes out.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'll give you, you want the short version?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll give you the short version.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm just going to give you the honest answer the way he said it.
[SPEAKER_02]: The reason why he has metal arms is that from his perspective, he went to Ed Boon, John Tobias, and said, the black guy should have magical powers too, is basically what he said.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so that's why he has metal arms.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's...
[SPEAKER_02]: Fair enough!
[SPEAKER_02]: But then he had to go through six-hour makeup sessions to get those arms on.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, I really enjoyed doing that panel.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was a great time, and I thank Southern Fried for having me host that panel.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was great.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then, yeah, I just got to play games out there all weekend.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I played a lot of pinball.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played the Dungeons & Dragons table, which I think I talked about before.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was great.
[SPEAKER_02]: I loved it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was hoping Jamie would have that table because I'd like to play more but I guess I'll just have to find a place locally that has it and sink some more quarters into it because I really enjoyed that table I played the King Kong table too which was fun Jersey Jack was mainly showing off a table I'm not interested in but they did have one table I was interested in well they had several but one that I did play was
[SPEAKER_02]: Elton John.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that table was great.
[SPEAKER_02]: I loved it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Man, that table is like a 4th of July show because it's just like lights, sound with all the Elton John music.
[SPEAKER_02]: I could have played that table the entire weekend.
[SPEAKER_02]: But of course, these tables, they have lines, you know, people or other people want to play.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I really like their Elton John table.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that was my favorite Jersey Jack table.
[SPEAKER_02]: My favorite Stern table was probably Dungeons and Dragons, but they had that new Elvira table.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm always going to play Elvira for my husband, even if he's not there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm always going to play Elvira for my husband because Elvira is his favorite pinball table, even if it's not really the new one.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think he has as much in his brain as the other ones.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that's a fun table, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, yeah, played a lot of pinball.
[SPEAKER_02]: Really enjoyed the...
[SPEAKER_02]: Excuse me.
[SPEAKER_02]: You'll have to excuse me.
[SPEAKER_02]: I brought back a little cold.
[SPEAKER_02]: I brought back con crud because, you know, my immunocompromised ass always gets sick going to conventions.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, it's not the big one.
[SPEAKER_02]: I tested multiple times for that, but it is annoying nonetheless.
[SPEAKER_02]: So if you hear me coughing and all that stuff, that's me getting over the SFGE plague or actually, actually, I think it's the Delta Airlines plague.
[SPEAKER_02]: Based on when I got it, I'm pretty sure I picked it up on the flight home.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I don't think I can blame the con for this one.
[SPEAKER_02]: But airplanes are probably worse than cons in that regard.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um,
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, where was I going with the rest of this?
[SPEAKER_02]: I saw some cool vintage computing stuff and indie stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was a really cool little double screen Commodore 128 game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bobby talked a little bit about it on his show, but I love that people are still doing new things with vintage computers.
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought it was really cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, there's a lot going on at Southern Fried that's not just the pinball and console rooms.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a good time for a weekend.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just so compressed.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was done with it in like two days.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it's like, whoa, I'm so used to DragonCon being a week.
[SPEAKER_02]: But this is the appetizer.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bobby Blackwolf reminds me about this.
[SPEAKER_02]: They had a full motion afterburner cabinet there.
[SPEAKER_02]: and I plopped in that and I played that and I think Bobby got video of it I don't think I ever posted the video I need to post it on my blue sky because I never got I never edited it down because my phone was almost out of battery that day but I have video of me playing a full motion afterburner cabinet oh my god that was so fun so fun yeah rotate rotating like full like I was going to what
[SPEAKER_02]: I was making a lot of sounds playing that game.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: I actually get really motion sick in it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it moves a lot.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's probably a reason they haven't made one like it in a long time.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'll get that video edited and up on my Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_02]: I literally forgot it was on there.
[SPEAKER_02]: True, true.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it's a lot more motiony, but it's more fluid and it actually moves.
[SPEAKER_06]: And so just like the slide back and forth thing, it's full on.
[SPEAKER_02]: F-Zero Cabinet
[SPEAKER_02]: and I think I've been playing it for 25 hours, which for me is a lot.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's less than what Bobby, Bobby said he was up to 40 hours, but I think I'm at like 25 hours and I've just been trying to level up all my crafting and get my little town, little stuff built for my town and lay it out to increase my little, because it's very Animal Crossing.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's very like Animal Crossing meets Zelda Link to the Past.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because you actually have action.
[SPEAKER_02]: The action parts are pretty simple.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to be real.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not a lot more complex than button mashing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would say it's about the similar to the combat in Zelda Link to the Past.
[SPEAKER_02]: Is what the combat is in Fantasy Life.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: I find it very satisfying.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's an MMO without the other people.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: That's, yeah, Bobby says I'm also at the same place you are.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I just got to the area where chapter six starts.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then I said, oh, I need to go back and mine more silver because I have a shit ton of crafting to do, especially because I just got another blacksmith.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I stopped there to catch up on my crafting because I have a lot.
[SPEAKER_02]: My one thing that's holding me back right now is I do not have anyone to assist with, what do they call it?
[SPEAKER_02]: Woodcutting, I think is what it's called.
[SPEAKER_02]: Chopping down trees.
[SPEAKER_02]: I do not have any woodcutters.
[SPEAKER_02]: Besides just me.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's what I've got to find.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've got to find one in Jaina Morsar or something like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have two minors as well, but not a woodcutter.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, Fantasy Life.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's been a lot.
[SPEAKER_02]: Next week we have a new Diablo 4 season, so I'll be back on that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I also learned during our downtime, I'll mention this real quick, I learned during our downtime, I got access to Twitch's stream in 2K thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I did a Mario Kart stream in 2K randomly during the week.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was kind of unannounced for the moment, I just wanted to test 2K.
[SPEAKER_02]: It ran perfectly.
[SPEAKER_02]: Perfectly.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so I'm excited because I can run those streams.
[SPEAKER_02]: And since I mentioned my birthday was last week and Alan's is coming up in a little over a week, we sometimes buy ourselves matching birthday presents.
[SPEAKER_02]: So a few years ago in 2022, we bought ourselves matching computers.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: and I agreed we're going to get brand new video cards for our machines that will work.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm really excited for the beefy power it's going to allow me for streaming PC games pretty soon.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, very excited about that coming up in a few weeks.
[SPEAKER_02]: Video cards are a little bit of a wait right now, of course.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's good.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think that's it for my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's all I have to say as far as updates.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I think y'all want some more gaming news.
[SPEAKER_02]: So let's get to it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki starts off with some gaming news.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's talk about some Xbox updates.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, first, a pretty bad update, which is that they're going to be laying out more people.
[SPEAKER_01]: According to Bloomberg, there's another big layoff coming by the end of the fiscal quarter, which is tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's not great.
[SPEAKER_01]: And apparently they're expecting substantial cuts across Xbox, though it's not clear which teams or studios are going to be hit the hardest by it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, so that sucks.
[SPEAKER_02]: I feel so sorry for those folks, especially because Microsoft's having a pretty good year.
[SPEAKER_02]: Game Pass, better than ever.
[SPEAKER_02]: So this doesn't fucking make sense.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: And yes, I know, yes, you can tell me the logic side of it, that it's about projections for the future year, and perhaps Microsoft is scaling back in the hardware space because of the, you know, and all this stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, you can logic this and stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: It still sucks.
[SPEAKER_02]: there's no easy way to put that especially when the board the CEO makes a lot of money it just sucks
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I guess we'll have to wait and see what happens with that.
[SPEAKER_01]: The other thing was there's an update for the Xbox 360 after, what, 20-some years?
[SPEAKER_02]: The 360.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, the Xbox 360.
[SPEAKER_01]: And what's it do?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, not much.
[SPEAKER_01]: Apparently it's...
[SPEAKER_01]: it also it basically adds two large ads to the home screen now this isn't just like advertising for like everything you're not going to see like Mountain Dew on there or something like that it is just basically a large static picture showing the new Xbox have you thought about upgrading your Xbox yeah and a QR code that says experience next gen performance upgrade today um
[SPEAKER_01]: So, I guess just reminding you that, hey, there's new consoles out there, which, I mean, yeah, you probably know that already.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, it's been 20-some years.
[SPEAKER_01]: You can go, oh, when did that new Xbox come out?
[SPEAKER_02]: When did that newfangled Xbox come out?
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, go to the Best Buy.
[SPEAKER_01]: I got the last one was the Xbox One, and I have the 360, so it's going to be 360 more consoles before it's brand new, I guess.
[SPEAKER_01]: Um...
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, so I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it's more shocking that they, like, did an update.
[SPEAKER_01]: It seems wholly unnecessary.
[SPEAKER_02]: Especially because they pulled down the fucking store, so why did they do an update?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's weird.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, you spent developer time to do this, and, like, is that really good to increase sales?
[SPEAKER_02]: Is it possible it also patched up hacking exploit type of things?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't think so.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, essentially other than that, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: It says also it fixed a strange graphical bug that's been a problem.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I don't know what that bug was necessarily.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it did at least fix something.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, well, I guess since Loki brought up layoffs, I will continue this unfortunate trend here.
[SPEAKER_02]: This one's a little less surprising considering the news, but it is very unfortunate how fast this is happening.
[SPEAKER_02]: And yep, it's the studio that made Mind's Eye, which, you know, they did not have a great launch.
[SPEAKER_02]: It did not go very well.
[SPEAKER_02]: So over at Build a Rocket Boy, which was the studio, apparently...
[SPEAKER_02]: The Redundancy Process, which is what they call the layoff process overseas, has been initiated for the 300-person office that's located over in the UK.
[SPEAKER_02]: Laws do require a 45-day process before people are fired when it is more than 100.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that means they're probably looking at probably a good chunk of that studio being closed.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there's also 200 people for that company working abroad.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's just really unfortunate.
[SPEAKER_02]: But as y'all know, Mind's Eye did not
[SPEAKER_02]: and DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: And by the way, Build A Rocket Boy did confirm upcoming layoffs in a statement to IGN who reached out for comments.
[SPEAKER_02]: But they say they are focused on continuing to update Mind's Eye and developed on the one-year post-launch content.
[SPEAKER_02]: So maybe they had something bigger in store or a sequel that now nobody wants to invest in because of how this game went.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just a bummer.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's, you know, just...
[SPEAKER_02]: It's rough, man.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's less than two weeks after this game came out.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, especially since it's not even necessarily the developers' problems with this.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's more of like, you know, some executive said, okay, release it in the state.
[SPEAKER_01]: We need to release it to meet some goal or get some bonus or something like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it could have been fixed, but... It could have.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, well, and you know, technically it could still end up on a path like Cyberpunk, like No Man's Sky.
[SPEAKER_02]: I feel like we say these, we say this, No Man's Sky comes up on this show every fucking week because I feel like there is, and not just because I love the game, because there's some other game where we go, well, they could always make it like No Man's Sky and turn it around.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, they could always do a Diablo 3.
[SPEAKER_01]: Here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, so here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: And there's that argument that's made all the time.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like, well, we can turn around like No Man's Sky.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: But No Man's Sky had good bones to begin with.
[SPEAKER_01]: This game does not.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think there's a dozen people that work at Hello Games.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: This game is essentially Saints Row.
[SPEAKER_01]: The reboot is what this game is.
[SPEAKER_01]: The bones are bad.
[SPEAKER_01]: And when they fix it, it's still going to be a bad game.
[SPEAKER_01]: So...
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, no thanks.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm not interested in them fixing it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sure they could, but it's gonna be bad either way.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, well let's move into a segment of stories.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have multiple stories on this big topic going on in the industry right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: Jamie, would you like to start us off?
[SPEAKER_06]: So...
[SPEAKER_06]: Runway is looking to go into the video game industry with Generative AI.
[SPEAKER_06]: They have recently partnered with AMC Networks for their business and are now trying to go into gaming.
[SPEAKER_06]: They have...
[SPEAKER_06]: A platform that they're going to launch called Game Worlds.
[SPEAKER_06]: It says next week, but the tool lets users create interactive text-based games that can generate text and images from AI.
[SPEAKER_06]: It can only do basic designs for now, but they are hoping this is the first step toward more generative AI in the industry.
[SPEAKER_06]: and their CEO Cristobal Valenzuela said that, and this is a quote, generated video games are coming later this year and that they want to partner with other companies too.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't think this is going to go down very well.
[SPEAKER_06]: And in fact, they've even, you know, had their own controversies about training their AI from YouTube videos and pirated movies, you know, but they are wanting to try to do what they did in film and TV with video games.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I mean,
[SPEAKER_06]: Ubisoft already has Ghost Rider and Barf.
[SPEAKER_06]: But still.
[SPEAKER_06]: I feel completely ill at ease.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm failing to see what contribution this is going to bring to the industry because to create these text-based games out of AI I feel like just like a lot of times when I see the stuff AI and then it is presented to us straight up as AI I feel like there's no soul inside of it inside a lot of the art that you see come out of it inside of a lot of the you know things that are being automatically built there's no fucking soul in it and you know if we're to accept video games as art
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_06]: R.I.P.
[SPEAKER_02]: The Vivian
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I remember.
[SPEAKER_02]: I remember.
[SPEAKER_02]: A&I
[SPEAKER_02]: That's the key thing with AI.
[SPEAKER_02]: AI can be a jumpstart.
[SPEAKER_02]: AI can maybe help you lay down the foundation, help you solve a coding crisis, help you get that type of information.
[SPEAKER_02]: But AI cannot replace the soul of the artist.
[SPEAKER_02]: And what is there?
[SPEAKER_02]: And especially that comes with telling stories.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ubisoft.
[SPEAKER_02]: But we all know Ubisoft is run by a bunch of fucking morons at this point who's not going to get it.
[SPEAKER_01]: They make the same game every time anyways.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's been Far Cry for however long now.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think the last...
[SPEAKER_06]: Game of theirs that I played was Avatar and it was really good.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that's about that's about it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think they've abandoned that franchise as good as that game was.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, but this is the thing is that I'm fine with assistive AI.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, for example, an app I use all the time, Pixelmator.
[SPEAKER_06]: Right.
[SPEAKER_06]: It has a super resolution tool that can actually help upscale things that I'm resizing.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that's useful.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's mildly generative, I would reckon, but it's only trained on the material I present before it, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: Something that might check my grammar.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's kind of early days of machine learning, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh yeah, AI of some form has been around forever, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just this whole language learning is the new thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, and also to correct fifth dream, AI facilitates the taking of jobs.
[SPEAKER_02]: I kind of agree with this point, though.
[SPEAKER_06]: If a CEO could create robots, like, for example, self-checkout at a grocery store,
[SPEAKER_06]: and Fire, then technically it's the fact that that technology exists and the CEO made the decision that is ending any kind of job.
[SPEAKER_06]: The whole fact that people are relying on it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Saying that AI takes jobs is just a short way to say that the CEOs making the decision to use it are taking the jobs.
[SPEAKER_06]: Stop arguing over semantics.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would agree that a smart CEO, I think at the core of the point, a smart CEO doesn't say, how can AI replace workers?
[SPEAKER_02]: A smart CEO says, how can AI make my existing workers even better to put out a better product?
[SPEAKER_06]: No, that's not a smart CEO.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's an ethical CEO, and there's a difference.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess it depends on your perspective.
[SPEAKER_06]: The job of the CEO is to make money and keep the company afloat and make their shareholders happy.
[SPEAKER_06]: So a smart CEO is someone who can do that successfully.
[SPEAKER_06]: An ethical CEO is the one who does it with the best interest of the employees at heart.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ranmari in chat says that would require CEOs to have a heart.
[SPEAKER_02]: Some do.
[SPEAKER_02]: Where I work, it's pretty good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and I've had a very fortunate experience in my career as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I absolutely, especially after commenting on video games for the last 23 years, I think we all know there's plenty of CEOs in this industry, the gaming industry, that are dumpster fires.
[SPEAKER_02]: But there's also been some good ones.
[SPEAKER_02]: Iwata, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Everybody holds Iwata to like the gold standard of like gaming CEOs.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there's good ones, you know, but there's also the Bobby Kotick's of the world.
[SPEAKER_02]: So anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: And the biggest thing, again, that I have with anything that is generative AI is how they have trained their models.
[SPEAKER_06]: If they are out there, just like we were saying with Runway, they trained their shit on pirated movies and YouTube.
[SPEAKER_06]: Why?
[SPEAKER_06]: That is... No.
No.
[SPEAKER_06]: or just like the ones that are just like, for example, DeviantArt.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you post art on DeviantArt, I would take it the fuck down unless you want it to train their AI.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, and tweets now, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: So if you're still on Twitter, their twat is scraping all the tweets and powering Grok, which is now supposed to go over to Telegram for whatever goddamn reason we need Grok over there.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's silly.
[SPEAKER_06]: The name sums up how I feel about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I'm sure this show has been used to train AI, even though no permission has been given, no coin has been seen.
[SPEAKER_02]: But what can you do?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's on the internet, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: So people just feel they can do whatever they want with it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's the same thing as right-click saving a Shutterstock image.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, there's no real way to watermark audio, I guess.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: But you can watermark an image, of course, anyone with actual graphical skill can do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't you remember downloading MP3s on Napster back in the day?
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't you remember there would be the one that occasionally you would get that would play the song and then in the middle of it it would be like, Cracked by DJ Loki or whatever would play in the background.
[SPEAKER_02]: There used to be shit MP3 rips like that that would be watermarked or the radio station would do it during premieres.
[SPEAKER_02]: They would put their call sign on it.
[SPEAKER_02]: W-A-B-C.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, during a premiere that gets ripped and then put out on Napster.
[SPEAKER_02]: So... Anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have plenty more on this subject, don't we, Loki?
[SPEAKER_01]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well...
[SPEAKER_01]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: So I was reading up on this a little bit.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is a bummer because I want to play this game.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played the demo.
[SPEAKER_02]: It looked really interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was pretty fun from what I played.
[SPEAKER_02]: I actually don't believe the bulk of the game is using AI.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think what happened, and I think this gets into it, some of the things that came up at the last minute, rushing to production, some of the – because where's the AI script being seen?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like flavor text in the background on a computer screen somewhere where they left in the –
[SPEAKER_02]: Sure, I can look that up for you.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then it happened in some of the translations.
[SPEAKER_02]: But there's actually a translator who worked on the game who said, I worked on this game, translating it into Korean or whatever language they did.
[SPEAKER_02]: I worked on this.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is probably them changing something at the last minute, and they didn't want to bring me back to do it.
[SPEAKER_02]: and that's what you get, essentially, at the end of the day.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what you get for not using a human being.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they used AI to speed up the process.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, y'all got sloppy.
[SPEAKER_02]: And now your game's going to have the AI stank label on it because, and I do truly believe they did not use AI in the bulk of the game, but somebody cut a corner and they did it really sloppily and now this entire game's going to pay for it.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's a bummer.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, so that's what's going on release with that one.
[SPEAKER_01]: Then we have Jurassic World Evolution 3, which angered fans by having AI-generated scientist portraits in the game.
[SPEAKER_01]: This was disclosed on their Steam page already, but with the fan backlash, they've put out a message on their social media saying, We removed the use of generative AI for scientist portraits in Jurassic World Evolution 3.
[SPEAKER_01]: Following some initial feedback, the teams are continuing their diligent work.
[SPEAKER_01]: On the game and are very much looking forward to launching on October 21st.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't let that headline get lost in the shuffle.
[SPEAKER_02]: The feedback, as harsh as it was, the feedback worked.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pushing back on the AI worked.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't underestimate the power of this headline.
[SPEAKER_01]: and then we also have another game disclosing use of AI and that is the brand new Everybody's Golf Hot Shots brand new golf game coming out and it says the AI tools were used on or it says generative AI is used in this game and the usage is for tree and leaf textures in golf courses were created using AI generated images it sounds like it's kind of
[SPEAKER_01]: They should have just paid for SpeedTree or something like that, some sort of middleware to do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: This is just cutting corners, it sounds like.
[SPEAKER_01]: But once again, it's not necessarily up front, it's kind of way in the background.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you might not even necessarily notice it, but still gross, because that's still a person's job to...
[SPEAKER_01]: Do textures and make geometry like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: So the fact that they just skipped that whole process and went to AI to generate it is kind of lame.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, we'll see what kind of bad quality comes out of that decision to cut the corner there.
[SPEAKER_02]: So because again, when you just replace, you're asking for a disaster.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll see what happens.
[SPEAKER_01]: What's going to happen when like, I mean...
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know if they would do this, but let's just say, what's going to happen when we find out Grand Theft Auto 6 has a lot of degenerative AI in it or something like that?
[SPEAKER_01]: They used it to, I don't know, write text or something.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, I would consider that story on the altars a warning, because to me, that's what happens the next time GTA 6 has to push, push, push and miss a deadline, is you're going to start sloppy use of AI trying to cut corners.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think the Alters is a warning shot in that debate.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't think they would risk that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Granted, like the last time with Generative AI and the Definitive Editions, that was because they outsourced it to a company and the company thought they could just throw it into a tool and it would automatically be able to work for them, which is not true.
[SPEAKER_02]: so I have a story on AI as well this one's interesting because this is an accusation where it hasn't been confirmed but this game has been getting a lot of shit because it looks like it used a lot of AI and the game is Front Mission 3 a remake just launched on the Switch and you know people are generally excited to see Front Mission 3 get a remake but then some screenshots and comparisons started to come out that made people go sniff sniff
[SPEAKER_02]: I smell a chat GPT so you know for those of you that are watching live I'll show you some of the posts from Blue Sky so you can check it out for yourself that are comparing the original to the remake this was the thing that caught my eye immediately off the guard oh you see it Jamie?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Something else I noticed is that the microphone seems to have that sort of garbled text you usually see when AI doesn't know exactly how to generate a text.
[SPEAKER_02]: But this is the biggest damning thing to me.
[SPEAKER_02]: I want you to notice this.
[SPEAKER_02]: In the original, we have the Japanese Defense Force Forum, D-E-F-E-N-S-E.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then you see it said here again, J-D-F, Japan Defense, D-E-F-E-N-S-E.
[SPEAKER_02]: Then in the remake, Japanese Defense Forum, Japan, D-E-F-E-N-S-E But look down here, Japan, D-E-F-E-N-C-E Not S-E, did I say C-E?
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry, my brain might have been getting to the conclusion C-E would have been European, yeah But my point is, they changed it It was consistent in the original, it was changed in the remake
[SPEAKER_02]: and there's some other comparison screens as well that do make it look like they may have just enhanced, tried to run something through, you know, a thing that makes these weird things that I'm not even sure would otherwise actually exist.
[SPEAKER_02]: The thing that gets me, what is like this old ass car doing in this very modern, it's so strange.
[SPEAKER_02]: But somebody, the first reply I thought was so wild.
[SPEAKER_02]: The first, this is a reply, but somebody showing that AI doesn't always get it right.
[SPEAKER_02]: So anyway, there is nothing confirmed on the front.
[SPEAKER_02]: And for the folks on the podcast, it is a pixelated picture of Barack Obama and the AI turned him into somebody that very much did not look like Barack Obama.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: Very interesting what's going on there.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'm hearing that remake get raked through the coals.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not just the AI thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: It sounds like a lot of slop and cut corners on that remake.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, yeah, it's unfortunate.
[SPEAKER_01]: It certainly doesn't look like... Because you would think that what they would do with something like this is if you're going to improve the graphics, you have the original... Obviously, these were scanned in a long time ago.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't think that this pixel art was created by hand.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was probably some sort of like...
[SPEAKER_01]: concept art or something that they had that they generated and scanned in or digitized some way.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that's how, you know, obviously after scaling it down a ton resolution wise, that's how you came out with this.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, a lot of this doesn't look right at all.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to chat.
[SPEAKER_02]: TigerClaw in chat says, Generative AI will be incorporated to many games, even if they don't have it in them.
[SPEAKER_02]: A lot of the newer GPUs use what's called frame generation, which use generated AI to create fake frames.
[SPEAKER_02]: Look, again, I understand that AI is a tool that's not going away, and AI is a necessary tool in the industry as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're not going to get to 8K art and video games.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're not going to get to the super duper HD.
[SPEAKER_02]: We don't get to the holodeck without some form of AI.
[SPEAKER_02]: But the question is,
[SPEAKER_02]: What is that AI specifically doing?
[SPEAKER_02]: How is it trained?
[SPEAKER_02]: And what is it really replacing at the end of the day?
[SPEAKER_01]: Especially that one that looks like it's like an internal office scene.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's a fountain that's right there in there.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they converted it into some sort of just like lobby without a fountain there.
[SPEAKER_02]: and then there's a person that has like a weird backwards knee or something that's like standing there as well I believe just for the live listeners you are referring to this picture here that's the lobby and in the first one there's like very clearly a couple fountains there in front of the bush and then in the other one it looks like they put a chair yeah like look at that look at the person look at the person right there like or I'm assuming that's a person that's like right there
[SPEAKER_01]: Just to the left of the bush.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, how is that leg?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, no, all the way to the right there.
[SPEAKER_01]: Not that one, the one next to it.
[SPEAKER_01]: The one to the... No, you're...
[SPEAKER_02]: Just saying, just saying, the podcast folks can't see me pointing anyway.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, so on the left, just right, or left of the bush in the middle there, there's like a profile of a person, and their leg looks like it goes backwards.
[SPEAKER_01]: They have like weird bird legs or something like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, and this person has one leg.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, one leg.
Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_01]: And there's a reflection of a person that doesn't exist on there, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Look, therein is the problem.
[SPEAKER_02]: And just to illustrate, they used AI to do all of the work.
[SPEAKER_02]: If AI had helped them start the work and then realized, came in here and said, you got a dude with one leg in the background here.
[SPEAKER_02]: We need to go in.
[SPEAKER_02]: We need to clean this up by hand.
[SPEAKER_02]: These are supposed to be fountains.
[SPEAKER_02]: We need to go in and clean this up.
[SPEAKER_02]: This would be a lot less of a problem.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, some AI upscaling isn't necessarily bad.
[SPEAKER_01]: It does a pretty good job of it, but the resolution has to be something decent.
[SPEAKER_01]: You can't just take like 240p and expect to pump it up to 4K without it completely changing what it is because it's very hard to tell what it is
[SPEAKER_01]: just from, there's not a lot of data there for it to upscale.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's why having the original image that they would have referenced or used to create this image in the first place, because it does look digitized, obviously, that would have been able to, they would have been able to bring those assets in or even just upscale them from the originals.
[SPEAKER_01]: But they probably don't have that anymore.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so instead of paying an artist that would look at it and be able to like recreate it, they just like, ah, it's good enough.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, I need something not about AI to cleanse the palate here.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, are there games out there without AI?
[SPEAKER_06]: How about on Wikipedia?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, Wikipedia is getting into the whole daily game thing with, you know, kind of like what Wordle is and Washington Post and Atlantic and all of that business doing.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: LinkedIn has games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Some of them are actually kind of fun, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hate to say it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like LinkedIn has that.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's one where you draw a line and you have to use every I can't remember the name of it, but I like it.
[SPEAKER_02]: A little puzzle game can be fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: well this one's called which came first so it's like a wikipedia quiz and you just answer the questions from what i can see um i don't really play a lot of those games every so often i'll do like wordle if i'm bored um but uh yeah they're they're
[SPEAKER_06]: doing more games.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, I don't know what else to say about it, although with New York Times putting up Wordle and making very weird changes to it, there are so many clones of it out and about.
[SPEAKER_06]: But this is one that at least works to try to improve people's knowledge.
[SPEAKER_06]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, I'm glad Wikipedia is adding a new game besides the one I already play, which is how late can I stay up reading useless bullshit articles that might come up as a Jeopardy question someday.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's the current game that I play on Wikipedia.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm glad we have something with more structure.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's great.
[SPEAKER_03]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, we had somewhat positive news.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now let's talk about Randy Pitchford.
Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: Randy Pitchford, as you may remember, opened his dumb mouth about Borderlands 4 and talking about how real fans would pay for it no matter whatever the price.
[SPEAKER_01]: And now he continues to double down on that with talking about the
[SPEAKER_01]: Borderlands 3, 95% off sale, you know, which everyone's like, well, I'll just wait for a sale when it gets discounted.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he's like, sales like this in Borderlands 3 showing up on console subscription programs took over five years from the game's launch to happen.
[SPEAKER_01]: Take advantage of it when it's here.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like, sir, yeah, it wasn't 95% off a month later, but...
[SPEAKER_01]: It was discounted.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, these discounts are not set by him either, oftentimes.
[SPEAKER_02]: As we saw in that story about the Splitgate, which they had layoffs too.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think that was when we were out.
[SPEAKER_02]: That studio had layoffs too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wait, we need to mention, that guy's big fucking mouth at Summer Game Fest cost jobs at that studio.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry, I just needed to point.
[SPEAKER_02]: Your big mouth can really get you into trouble in this industry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Be careful, folks.
[SPEAKER_02]: Be careful.
[SPEAKER_01]: So once again, with this, it's just that price point is the time to just jump into games, you know, just pre-ordering games and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: We don't live in the era of gaming where updates weren't really possible, you know, unless you come out with a new version of your disc or something like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_01]: Now that we are living in that environment where unfortunately a lot of these studios are taking advantage of that by, oh, we'll release the game and we'll patch it later and fix stuff or bring the actual functionality that it should have had from the get-go in there.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think people are going to be a lot more cautious, especially when you're talking about $90 games.
[SPEAKER_01]: It doesn't make sense to pre-order.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think folks are going to start getting over this FOMO with...
[SPEAKER_01]: Some of these newer games.
[SPEAKER_01]: I like Borderlands.
[SPEAKER_01]: I haven't heard too much about Borderlands 4 yet.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know the initial trailer didn't really do it for me, but I like Borderlands.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm curious to see what they do with it.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I'm not buying it day one.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm going to wait and see how the reviewers like it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Which is, to be fair, Loki, which is unfortunate because, and I'm not shading your decision because I think a lot of people are making that, you laid it out.
[SPEAKER_02]: But we had that earlier story about Mind's Eye and how it did so bad in its first week that now we've got layoffs.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I understand Randy's passion and I understand why they're trying to move pre-orders and day one sales.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I think the entire industry has to evaluate that.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it's the same thing in the film industry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, bad in the, bad, not in a good way bad.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, bad as in just, like, not bad, like, not, not campy enough.
[SPEAKER_01]: It just, like, kind of, it's like, one of the comparisons I heard to it was, like, Godzilla, where it's like,
[SPEAKER_01]: I go to a Godzilla movie to see Godzilla fighting other monsters and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't give a shit about the humans that are there or like Transformers.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't give a shit about the fucking humans that are in the Transformers movie.
[SPEAKER_01]: I want to see robots fighting each other.
[SPEAKER_01]: So in a Megan movie, I want to see Megan fighting other robots.
[SPEAKER_01]: But instead, she's out of her body for at least an hour of the movie.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is just shit.
[SPEAKER_02]: so Megan 2.0 is fourth place or fourth place at the box office it made less money than Elio which apparently was already considered a bust pretty bad yeah uh that's too bad
[SPEAKER_01]: But, yeah, going back to Borderlands though, like, I feel that if these publishers want your day one money, the thing is they have to show a track record of, like, look, we put out polished games, our games are good, there's no reason that you shouldn't trust us with your money.
[SPEAKER_01]: Back in, when, you know, we were, like, mainly physical media, pre, like,
[SPEAKER_01]: Digital games out there, it was mostly physical.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, pre-order was important because if you're ordering from your local GameStop or smaller store, they are limited in what they can bring in as far as number of copies.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it was, if you wanted to play a game day one, you had to pre-order that copy in order to do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now that we live in a digital world,
[SPEAKER_01]: There is no reason to pre-order a game at all because it is available right away.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's not an issue of, oh, there's only X number of copies.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is an infinite amount of copies of that game available as soon as you get it.
[SPEAKER_01]: And what, they're going to give you some free skins or some shit?
[SPEAKER_01]: Come on, you're better than that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, just...
[SPEAKER_01]: don't give them money up front and just wait and see how it is I'm gonna be honest like I mean Grand Theft Auto 6 same thing I mean I kind of want to wait and see how it is I mean I'm still gonna probably get it but like I still am gonna be hesitant to pick that up right away
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, let's move on and talk about something that you can check out for free, although for how long is left to see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oops, sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't mean for the audio to come through, but I do want to show you this YouTube because it's pretty incredible.
[SPEAKER_02]: So for those of you that are watching live over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network tonight, I want to show you
[SPEAKER_02]: Over here, some actual footage from the PC version of Mario Kart 64.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: So this was something that Loki had been referencing earlier in the show, talking about the Animal Crossing decompiling.
[SPEAKER_02]: So what happened is that now Mario Kart 64 can be played on PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so far, Nintendo does not seem to be challenging this.
[SPEAKER_02]: Perhaps they're building a case.
[SPEAKER_02]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_02]: But you have to have a ROM.
[SPEAKER_02]: 4K 120 frames per second.
[SPEAKER_02]: so yeah it was reversed engineered from Mario Kart 64's original code and recreated to be able to play on the PC yeah wow a track editor in the game and all that too that's amazing so um yeah looks awesome I kind of want to I kind of want to stream this later maybe that might be something I need to do not like later tonight but later this week looks like fun
[SPEAKER_02]: So, I'm going to check that out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because, of course, I own Mario Kart 64 illegally.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, I do.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have the cartridge somewhere in the closet because I bought it when I bought my 64-set.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is really exciting.
[SPEAKER_01]: Even in the modded space, as far as Mario Kart Wii has a lot of modded tracks.
[SPEAKER_01]: I have a couple versions of the game on my handheld emulator thing that have 400-some tracks on it.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's a ridiculous amount of stuff that people have created, like fan tracks and stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: So,
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm very excited to see what they do with Mario Kart and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Can you imagine like level sharing or something like that, creating your own?
[SPEAKER_01]: Like they really need like a Mario Kart maker would be kind of cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: Just like a retro one, you know, like it would be kind of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: In chat, SJ100 Matt says, again, Nintendo is sleeping on doing this themselves.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: However, I can see why there's a certain coat of polish there.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: but you get a little bit of that Final Fantasy 8 remake y'all remember that when that came out where it put like the 4k textures on the old backgrounds that I'm sorry that game looked terrible you either do it all or you do none of it um and so that's I think there's a certain sense of polish that might be missing for Nintendo but of course Nintendo could always put the resources into a little bit of that polish but they they don't see the value in it I guess
[SPEAKER_01]: and the best part with something like this is you're going to have high resolution texture updates or mods that are going to be made for it so that you'll be able to replace that with something that looks better so yeah I'm very excited to see what they do with that and the reason why right now at least Mario Kart's hard to say but other games they have done as well in the past like this where they've reverse engineered them haven't been hit by Nintendo so far so it's you know
[SPEAKER_01]: We'll see, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's not really competing with Mario Kart World at all.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not, and Mario Kart 64 is on Nintendo Switch Online.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, I mean, just let it go.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, look at how it maybe will generate some interest in Mario Kart World.
[SPEAKER_02]: This isn't going to stop people from buying the newest Mario Kart.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, I understand Nintendo has a legal obligation to protect their IPs and stuff, but...
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's time for the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_02]: You picked a fun one for tonight, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: What did you pick for us tonight?
[SPEAKER_06]: I picked Virtua Cop.
[SPEAKER_06]: Honestly, I hadn't done it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was actually surprised that I haven't done it.
[SPEAKER_06]: So here we go.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is a game that came out in 1994.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is a light gun shooter game that was developed and published by Sega.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was developed for Sega Model 2 system and ported to the Saturn in 1995 and for Windows as Virtua Squad in 1996.
[SPEAKER_06]: We will keep going a little bit more about the Saturn version in a moment, but it used real-time 3D polygon graphics with texture mapping, and Sega advertised it as the world's first texture-mapped polygon action game.
[SPEAKER_06]: that's their words not mine and it was more of a real time sort of game where there would be different reactions from enemies based on where they were shot and what they were doing and you could shoot through glass and so this was definitely in their whole Virtua series which included Virtua Racing, Virtua Fighter and Virtua Striker so
[SPEAKER_06]: It really went on to be a big success.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loads of people loved it.
[SPEAKER_06]: It led to many more 3D shooter games and even more things that eventually came out on the Saturn.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, there was Time Crisis.
[SPEAKER_06]: That came out on PlayStation, which I had the gun con for that.
[SPEAKER_06]: House of the Dead yeah and then even some of those first person shooters starting to incorporate 3D graphics so there were two sequels, there was Virtua Cop 2 and Virtua Cop 3 and it actually was bundled with Virtua Cop 2 in Japan and Europe on PS2 as Virtua Cop Elite Edition or Virtua Cop Rebirth in Japan in 2002 so
[SPEAKER_06]: there was even an N-Gage version developed but it was cancelled there are a few beta units out there if you want to look for them but the thing with the PlayStation version is that it did have support for the gun con too so you play as police officers you play in first person you use a light gun to shoot the bad guys and try to avoid civilians and you have a
[SPEAKER_06]: extra justice shots where you can if you disarm an enemy without killing them then you have to shoot their hand and you have bullseye shooting um
[SPEAKER_06]: The game was developed by lead developers Itai Katsunori and Hiroyoshi Akito with Yu Suzuki.
[SPEAKER_06]: I do names backwards, but everyone knows him as Yu Suzuki.
[SPEAKER_06]: As the supervisor.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it was inspired by a commercial for Poka Kilimanjaro Coffee.
[SPEAKER_06]: The Navigator for Sega Rally Championship, Kenneth Abraham, Voices of Aliens
[SPEAKER_06]: so the Saturn version was under development by Sega AM2 and it was one of the first ones in the Sega Graphics Library operating system along with Virtua Fighter 2 the port director Isono Takashi this is a quote we're trying to keep the quality of the arcade if three of us agree for improvement then we try to modify the graphics
[SPEAKER_06]: so Saturn version had a full motion video sequence of the police arriving at the dockyard and apparently the designer Ohashi Kazahumi animated the bad guy Kong flipping the bird but that got rejected and Ohashi got moved to work on the training mode instead so
[SPEAKER_06]: the playable demo was first available at Tokyo Toy Show in June of that year and they finished working on the various different levels but that third level was hardest to convert because of the office building walls and ceiling so there are nods to the game in other games so Tiger Electronics made a version of Virtual Cop for the R-Zone
[SPEAKER_06]: The gun in Virtua Cop can be used in Ghost Squad, but it is obtained by using the IC card or Evolution versions.
[SPEAKER_06]: And in Sega Superstars Tennis, there's a minigame based on Virtua Cop called Virtua Squad.
[SPEAKER_06]: so Game Machine in Japan listed the arcade version in their November 1st 1994 issues being the second most successful upright cockpit cabinet arcade cabinet of the month replay labeled I can't make words happen said it was the fifth most popular arcade game in April 1995 and it became the highest grossing dedicated arcade cabinet of 1995 in Japan and one of America's best sellers
[SPEAKER_06]: it got pretty positive reviews across the board the GamePro actually was really into the Saturn version giving it a 19.5 out of 20 so yeah, people were really into it and it is a really great game although there were some people who were like 3D polygons, is that gonna work?
[SPEAKER_06]: you know they did some comparisons to like Lethal Enforcers for example but they it went on I mean we see where things are now um so yeah there's the Saturn version it sold over 300,000 copies in its first week of release in Japan um
[SPEAKER_06]: and it went to 455,396 units by the end of 1994 reaching a total of 482,362 in the US it sold more than 500,000 bundled copies by December 1996 and so it sold almost a million worldwide in Japan and the United States the Saturn version had very positive reviews including the accuracy of the port
[SPEAKER_06]: and the general gameplay but said that it lacked some longevity for the console release but yeah overall
[SPEAKER_06]: Pretty, pretty good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Even at EGM, all their reviewers said it was a flawless conversion, but they thought the game was too short.
[SPEAKER_06]: PC, there was a PC version that was kind of jerkier and less intense since you couldn't use a light gun, but you could use a mouse.
[SPEAKER_06]: And in fact, the Saturn version not just uses a light gun, it can use the Saturn mouse.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it was a major, major influence on the light gun shooting genre and in first-person shooters.
[SPEAKER_06]: And when people saw what was possible with, you know, polygon games, more people were into it.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, sometimes you got to be that first one to do it, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: And there you go.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's a virtual cop.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, yeah, Ranmari in chat says every arcade and arcade style game is too short for professional reviewers, lol Bonds006 remembering this game in our chat This is the Saturn version I was referring to
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, arcade style game, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: So I get it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bons006 says, this and House of the Dead in the arcade are two games that really took my quarters, not counting the Capcom games.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then Orange Right says, of course, the arcade game is too short reviews since you can credit feed in the home versions.
[SPEAKER_02]: So anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: good pick, good pick not one I played a lot but I've definitely played this at some point in my life Virtual Cop good times our thing was really playing a lot more House of the Dead but
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, we were a little bit more of a Namco fan house when it came to the gun games.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hear ya, I hear ya.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, well let's hit on a few more headlines from this week's gaming news in a segment we call Rapid Fire News.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_01]: Alright, well, got some leaks coming out about Marvel Rivals Season 3, thanks to Twitch promo posts.
[SPEAKER_01]: They unfortunately announced Phoenix and Blade are going to be coming as new characters for Season 3, as well as there's going to be new Venomized costumes that are going to be coming as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, I guess look forward to that soon, when they officially announce it.
[SPEAKER_01]: What else?
[SPEAKER_01]: We've got... You know, I asked this question to myself before.
[SPEAKER_01]: What is Black Ops anymore?
[SPEAKER_01]: What is Call of Duty anymore?
[SPEAKER_01]: Is it just Fortnite?
[SPEAKER_01]: I think we're just Fortnite now.
[SPEAKER_01]: A miserable little pile of secrets.
[SPEAKER_01]: Serious, like, you know, it was pretty arcade-y, but still a pretty serious war game.
[SPEAKER_01]: And now we have what?
[SPEAKER_01]: We had Jay and Silent Bob.
[SPEAKER_01]: We've had and we now have Beavis and Butthead.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wasn't Nicki Minaj in one of them or something?
[SPEAKER_02]: I swear that was a thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: I might as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I'm sure I'm sure there's like, you know.
[SPEAKER_01]: things.
[SPEAKER_01]: But anyways, yeah, so Beavis and Butthead are coming.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're going to have two new maps, two new weapons, some weapon balancing changes, new Black Ops 6 zombie mode, and new events for Season 4.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't care.
[SPEAKER_01]: I just don't.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's how I feel about this series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Seriously, it's like, oh, it's Fortnite.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkTetsuya says, Beavis and Butthead made me laugh.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're really trusting them with guns?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, look at this country, my friend.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, on that depressing note, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, I'm sad.
[SPEAKER_06]: Cotton Reboot High Tension is delayed.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm going to cry.
[SPEAKER_06]: It has been delayed until July 31st in Japan, so it's just a one week delay.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll see it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, you know what they say, a bad game is bad forever, but a good game... Barf.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just one week.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then I can do like in a
[SPEAKER_06]: Rainbow Cotton She's addicted to candy that makes her throw up I mean, mood
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh, let's talk about PlayStation Plus free games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, free with an asterisk because you have to be a PlayStation Plus member in order to get the free games.
[SPEAKER_02]: The big whopper for July is Diablo 4.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Diablo 4 will be free.
[SPEAKER_02]: So if you have yet to jump in on the Diablo 4 hype train or you don't have Game Pass, here's your chance.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's coming out.
[SPEAKER_02]: But there's a big asterisk.
[SPEAKER_02]: I noticed they don't point out that I think you should know is that Diablo 4 has an expansion and the expansion is not a part of this giveaway from what I can say.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think they would have been pretty clear that they'd be giving away the expansion.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you can have the base Diablo 4 game and you get that for free and that I'm going to imagine is just enough to try and get you hooked to decide to spend money on the expansion.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I will say...
[SPEAKER_02]: The King of Fighters 15
[SPEAKER_02]: You can check that out.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then just for PlayStation 5, an action puzzle climbing game called Jusant, which I'm not familiar with, but I can get familiar with it when it goes to the July 2025 monthly games lineup.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was trying to also look for, I guess they're doing some other types of activities.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's some online tournaments they're doing.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's all sports games and Tekken 8.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sony Pictures stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: through August 12th you can get discounts on movies they're having a free well it's over I was gonna say they're having a free multiplayer weekend but it's just about over tonight and there are still some savings on some PlayStation games until the end of tonight Civ 7 is one of them Star Wars Outlaws I still need to pick those up so neat
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, well, if you decide not to buy those games on sale, why don't you check out some upcoming games?
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, what's coming out in the US?
[SPEAKER_01]: Not a lot.
[SPEAKER_01]: We're in July.
[SPEAKER_01]: Slow time of the year.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, it's a holiday week, too.
[SPEAKER_01]: That is also true.
[SPEAKER_01]: So we've got Angerfoot on PlayStation 5, Irem Collection Volume 3 on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Finally, so I don't have to see the stupid trailers anymore, Mecha Break on PC and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: We have Firmament on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then Harvest Moon, The Lost Valley, and Harvest Moon, Skytree Village on Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Japan has nothing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not sure why.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's no new releases of Note in Japan this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's some accessories, but those aren't games.
[SPEAKER_02]: They'll pick up again on the 10th of July, but for this week, nothing.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, what about the game?
[SPEAKER_06]: I had to look around because my usual source didn't say anything for the first week of July but I did find from Metro.co.uk they said on July 1st there's Mecha Break for the Xbox's PC and Echo Paradox for PC
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, I think we have just one more news story for you and then we'll get to maybe some last minute stories and then the listener roundtable if you have anything you want to ask.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll take your questions in chat.
[SPEAKER_02]: We also are known to take calls through our Discord server, vognetwork.com.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you want to join the green room, we'll try to fit in some voice calls as well tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: But first, Loki has another bit of news for us.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yep, so the Minecraft Killer Hytale, which was created by Hypixel Studios, they're also, I think that Hypixel is also a...
[SPEAKER_01]: Minecraft server that's very popular, but they're trying to spin off their own Minecraft as well, called Hytale.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's been in development for almost 10 years, started in 2018, and they even had support from Riot as well, but now it's officially been cancelled.
[SPEAKER_01]: they announced on the 23rd that over time as our vision evolved and the genre matured around us the bar kept rising.
[SPEAKER_01]: Our technical ambitions grew more and more complex and even after a major reboot of the game engine the team found that Hytale still wasn't far along as it needed to be.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it sounded like a scope creep quite a bit and also taking a long time.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's Duke Nukem Forever all over again.
[SPEAKER_01]: You're trying to develop a game but the
[SPEAKER_01]: The technology is going too fast.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's just evolving too quickly.
[SPEAKER_01]: And 10 years for a Minecraft clone is... I mean, it did look a little bit different, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's just... What are you going to do?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, with that... Excuse me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just garbage.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you want to send us an email for a future week, participate at OrangeLawnsRadio.com Was there more garbage in there?
[SPEAKER_02]: I actually went in that mailbox at like 5 o'clock, no, 2 o'clock and cleaned it out 100%.
[SPEAKER_02]: So any more garbage got sent in like the last 4 hours.
[SPEAKER_02]: So annoying.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm gonna have to look at one of my resources.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ugh.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, Loki, let me check in with you and see if there's any last minute stories, things you want to talk about tonight.
[SPEAKER_01]: just one that apparently Death Stranding 2 is causing some Playstation 5s to overheat apparently when you pause the game and bring up the map screen the fans suddenly go crazy into overdrive and you get an overheat warning apparently a new patch was released recently but it doesn't sound like it's resolved the problem so I don't know if it's affecting a lot of people but yeah that sucks
[SPEAKER_02]: I do want to check out Death Stranding 2, but I feel an obligation to actually beat the first game first.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know?
[SPEAKER_02]: So.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll get to it eventually.
[SPEAKER_02]: But there's just so many.
[SPEAKER_02]: But Fantasy Life and other games in my backlog.
[SPEAKER_02]: and games that never stop, like Final Fantasy XIV, Diablo, you name it.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's just so many games as a service that keep serving.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I wanted to play more Mario Kart World this week, but I ain't bringing a Switch 2 on a plane and trusting that it doesn't get stolen by somebody.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, no thanks.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's how you bring it in your carry-on.
[SPEAKER_01]: I understand that, but even if it goes through, like, you know, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: I just still don't trust any...
[SPEAKER_02]: I brought mine all the way to Atlanta and never touched it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was like, oh, Bobby and I will play some Mario.
[SPEAKER_02]: Nope.
[SPEAKER_02]: Never happened.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it's fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and I didn't even end up playing it on the plane either.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just kind of slept.
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't even watch movies.
[SPEAKER_02]: Usually I watch movies on the plane.
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't even really do that this time.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just slept.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: But I will tell you, I finally, I sprung to get the, not first class, I wish, but you know how there's the comfort plus, the extra legroom seats?
[SPEAKER_01]: It's worth it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's worth it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I lucked out both times.
[SPEAKER_01]: So we flew twice, obviously, down and back from San Diego.
[SPEAKER_01]: And both times, I lucked out as a full plane.
[SPEAKER_01]: They say full plane, but it's not really a full plane.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's like one or two seats open.
[SPEAKER_01]: The first time, my entire row was completely empty other than me.
[SPEAKER_01]: The rest of the plane was completely full.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then the second time...
[SPEAKER_01]: There was no one sitting next to me.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was on the window side, but the middle seat was empty.
[SPEAKER_01]: So both times, I had room to stretch out.
[SPEAKER_02]: And this was a Southwest flight?
[SPEAKER_01]: Southwest, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: I just looked at both times.
[SPEAKER_02]: Southwest has like seven flights a day between SAC and San Diego, so wow.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, we just sat in the back, and so it just worked out.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was funny.
[SPEAKER_01]: Perfect.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, but if you drive, you can stop by the Bravo Cheese Farm.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh my gosh.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I want to make that drive, what, 12 hours or whatever?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, no thanks.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was only 10, and it was fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: Keep in mind, he's got the restless kids in the back, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Even if they're getting to a more adult age, they're still going to be like, I gotta go to the bathroom.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not even that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Kidding, kidding.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, it's just we have...
[SPEAKER_01]: We have, like, my wife needs to stop every once in a while because of the Crohn's and everything, so we have to be near rest stops and stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's just, a long drive like that's really rough.
[SPEAKER_02]: Jesus Christ, your oldest is going to be able to drive next year, isn't he?
[SPEAKER_01]: He's going to be 15 this year.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_06]: In Mississippi, he can drive.
[SPEAKER_01]: But, yeah, so, like, I had to rent, what was it, a what was it?
[SPEAKER_01]: It was a Hyundai...
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh gosh, I don't remember now.
[SPEAKER_01]: A Honda.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it was a Honda.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was a big ol' much bigger of a car than I'm used to driving, so that was fun.
[SPEAKER_01]: Felt like I was driving a boat the entire time.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's all fancy and new.
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh, Loki, the game that's playing behind you tonight, I didn't ask about it earlier, but is this that game that's all the rage on, like, Twitch and stuff right now?
[SPEAKER_02]: Peak?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it's Peak.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's the one I played earlier.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it's a mountain climbing game.
[SPEAKER_01]: You're, like, scouts or whatever, and you're playing crashes, and you have to, like, help each other, like, climb a mountain, and, like, it kind of has, like, five different sections in there.
[SPEAKER_01]: They start off in, like, kind of a beachy area, which is kind of getting used to the game, and then they have a jungly thing with rain that makes stuff slippery, and, uh,
[SPEAKER_01]: One that is in snow that you have to hide from the wind or otherwise you'll freeze.
[SPEAKER_06]: And you have to do that without eating your party?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, you can't eat the party.
[SPEAKER_01]: You can eat food that you find in suitcases that are strewn about the mountain.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it's randomly generated in the sense that they generate a new island either every day or every... I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's several hours that they regenerate the island.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you can play the same island over and over, but it...
[SPEAKER_01]: Changes every once in a while.
[SPEAKER_04]: Huh.
[SPEAKER_01]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it's Landfall games.
[SPEAKER_01]: I love Landfall, you know, ever since, like, Cluster Truck and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh, SSJ100Matt had brought up in chat, Steam's summer sale going on to add to your backlog.
[SPEAKER_02]: Has anyone fallen prey to that yet?
[SPEAKER_02]: I've managed to hold off so far.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm hovering over Hades, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ooh, good pick.
[SPEAKER_02]: Good pick.
[SPEAKER_06]: but things are what they are and someone else bought me I was going to say I considered Oblivion Remastered but it's only 20% off so I'm just waiting for a deeper discount someone else acquired a certain Dead by Daylight chapter for me oh okay because I'm not giving any of my money I'm not playing any of it on stream but I did get my Adept just to get it out of the way right
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm sure you can't control what killers you go against.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, it was okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just really didn't enjoy it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, check out To a T. I meant to play more of that this week.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's such a lovely game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I do want Date Everything.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I've been asked about Date Everything.
[SPEAKER_02]: That looks like a game I'd be into.
[SPEAKER_02]: And there's so many good voice actors in there.
[SPEAKER_06]: I saw the trailer so long ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: I still have my Pallia.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think we'll go ahead and wrap it up.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think we're about done for this week and that's fine because my voice is giving out as y'all can hear.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we're going to wrap it up for tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you always.
[SPEAKER_05]: Be less sick.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm trying.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you as always for listening to Originals Radio.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you for downloading our show.
[SPEAKER_02]: We are the show where every gamer has a voice but we need more voices to put out on air.
[SPEAKER_02]: So tell a friend or two about the show.
[SPEAKER_02]: Help us spread the word.
[SPEAKER_02]: A nice five-star review on a site like Apple Podcasts, Spotify, YouTube, wherever you found this show goes an awful long way.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, I do see the YouTube comments.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I saw, did I read that YouTube comment from, I think it was from a week or two ago?
[SPEAKER_02]: Hold on, I gotta find it, because it was really, was that the one where they said, no, maybe that was an email I was thinking of.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hold on.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is important if it's what I'm thinking of.
[SPEAKER_02]: Where's the comments?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, here it is, here it is, here it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we had a comment on our last episode, which was from June 15th, episode 1051.
[SPEAKER_02]: And this comment was from RememberTheAlamo2885.
[SPEAKER_02]: There is no basement at the Alamo.
[SPEAKER_02]: Remember the Alamo in the basement.
[SPEAKER_02]: I fucking love it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I need to watch that Pee Wee Herman documentary so bad.
[SPEAKER_02]: So bad.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway, remember... Oh, they also have the Jim Varney one too.
[SPEAKER_01]: Have you seen that?
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_01]: The Jim Varney documentary?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, let me get to the comment here from Remember the Alamo.
[SPEAKER_02]: Holy shit.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't believe you guys are still doing this podcast.
[SPEAKER_02]: I remember listening to you guys on my RSS feed for my Gen 1 PSP back in 2006.
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't even know what a podcast was and I would download your episodes to listen while I went to sleep, lol.
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't really understand what you guys were talking about because I was so young then.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was 12 then and now 31.
[SPEAKER_02]: But loved hearing all three of your voices.
[SPEAKER_02]: Very soothing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Very nostalgic and simple.
[SPEAKER_02]: Great time in my life.
[SPEAKER_02]: Keep it going, guys, and do what you love.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, thank you for that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I even gave it a little heart and a thumbs up.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: So Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays are going to be my Dead by Daylight days with Saturday, Sunday for Mass Effect.
[SPEAKER_06]: My Tuesday, though, might change if I take that third ballet class.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: We'll see what happens.
[SPEAKER_06]: Fair enough.
[SPEAKER_06]: It might end up becoming a Wednesday, Thursday, Friday thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: But if anyone, you know, if anyone cares, there you go.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, well, we will hop on over to your stream in just a little bit.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alrighty, well, as soon as Mass Effect updates.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hey, everybody, y'all are awesome.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, have a good one, Jamie.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see you in a little bit.
[SPEAKER_02]: You too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_02]: Then, Loki, I think we're over to you.
[SPEAKER_02]: What's your... Why are all my... Oh, wait, maybe I need to do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: There we go.
[SPEAKER_02]: So annoying.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, Loki, your final thought tonight.
[SPEAKER_01]: my final thought is I have to work on more Minecraft stuff I'm trying to get my modded series going I was waiting for somebody to port over a mod for me and I don't think it's working out so thankfully I found an alternative but yeah that's kind of annoying
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, and my final thought is, I completely neglected to talk about Pokemon Go Fest today.
[SPEAKER_02]: I went out to San Francisco yesterday to play, and I went to Pride out there for a little bit, just to check it out, because I hadn't been in years.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I had a pretty good day getting shiny yesterday.
[SPEAKER_02]: Today was hot.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had to play here in SAC.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was 100 degrees today.
[SPEAKER_02]: This was very hot, and I didn't get to play the entire time.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I did, so even though I had less time, I caught two shiny Zacians.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkDragon
[SPEAKER_02]: Otherwise, I hope everybody had a happy pride.
[SPEAKER_02]: I saw some chat about that earlier, so I hope you all had a good one celebrating and all that good stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: And yeah, hopefully July will be okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Have a good week, everybody.
[SPEAKER_02]: We will see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_02]: Have a great night.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you so much for watching or listening, downloading, all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see you next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_00]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_00]: See you next week.